Through all her tender years,
He watched her grow.
Many the joys and tears,
She would come to know.
But when she gave her best
And came through each test,
She made His heart feel so good.
Precious daughter,
He’s so proud of you.
Time won’t alter His love for you.
Hard work and sacrifice—
That’s just her way.
Thinking of His advice
Helps her through the day,
And she’s so glad to know
That He loves her so.
It means so much to hear him say:
“Precious daughter,
I’m so proud of you.
Time won’t alter my love for you.”
Yes, Jehovah sees
And Jehovah knows
All the work you’ve done
And the love you’ve shown.
No, He won’t forget
How you’ve loved His name
For all this time.
Precious daughter,
He’s so proud of you.
He’ll be there for you.
Precious daughter,
He will care for you.
He loves you.